<h1>Hey, I am Yonatan🥷🏽</h1>

# ✨ About Me:
<p>Hello, I'm Yonatan, a Full-Stack Software Engineer based in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. With over 5 years of experience in web and mobile application development, including remote work, I have a proven track record of delivering high-quality, scalable solutions using a variety of technologies and frameworks.</p><p>I have worked as a Full-Stack Engineer on various remote projects, including the development of mobile applications using Flutter and React Native, as well as web applications using React.js and TypeScript. I am proficient in TypeScript, JavaScript, C#, Python, Java, Kotlin, React, React Native, Svelte, Flutter, Node.js, Spring Boot, .NET, Unity, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Docker, and Testing. I have experience working with both frontend and backend technologies, as well as in DevOps and database administration. As a developer, I am passionate about solving complex problems and creating user-friendly interfaces that provide a seamless user experience. I am a quick learner and always eager to learn new technologies and techniques to improve my skills and knowledge.</p><p>I am looking for new opportunities to work with software engineering recruiters abroad, where I can leverage my skills and experience to contribute to innovative projects and work with a talented team. Whether it's remote work or in-person, I am always committed to delivering high-quality solutions that meet the needs of my clients and users. If you are looking for a skilled and dedicated software engineer who is passionate about technology and constantly striving to improve, please don't hesitate to contact me.</p>
